fix(curriculum): The Check for Step 67 of forum project is now able to accept Attributes in any order (#53027)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-asynchronous-programming-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard/64649b108df035051cb2ba2d.md

# --hints--

Your opening anchor tag should have a `target` attribute set to `_blank`.

```js
assert.match(code, /<a\s+(?:class=['"]post-title['"]\s+target=['"]_blank['"]|target=['"]_blank['"]\s+class=['"]post-title['"])(?:.|\n)*?<\/a>/);

> ```

Reviewer: We should have a test for just checking for the target blank. 

It is important to keep the tests granular in nature so campers will know where they went wrong.
If you just have one giant test, then it will be harder for them to know where the issue is

You will need to add this test back in and make sure there are no conflicts with the other test

> Verify the code includes a properly configured href attribute (${forumTopicUrl}${slug}/${id}) and a target attribute (_blank) within the opening <a> tag.

Reviewer: This change is missing backticks around certain keywords and should follow the same language convention setup for writing hint text.

let's go with this change

```suggestion
Your opening anchor tag should have an `href` attribute set to `${forumTopicUrl}${slug}/${id}`.
```

Author: Got it @jdwilkin4, working on it :raised_hands:

Your opening anchor tag should have a `target` attribute set to `_blank`.

```js
assert.match(
  code,

>    /<a\s+(?:[^>]*\s+)?target=['"]_blank['"](?:\s+[^>]*)?>.*<\/a>/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   /<a\s+(?:[^>]*\s+)?target\s*=\s*('|")_blank\1(?:\s+[^>]*)?>.*<\/a>/s
```

);
```

Your opening anchor tag should have an `href` attribute set to `${forumTopicUrl}${slug}/${id}`.

```js

> assert.match(

Author: I am extremely sorry the issue was of white space, I fixed it in the latest PR. Thanks for all the effort. Updated the PR, hope it passed all the test and get merged.

  code,

>   /<a\s+(?:[^>]*\s+)?href=['"]\${forumTopicUrl}\${slug}\/\${id}['"](?:\s+[^>]*)?>.*<\/a>/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  /<a\s+(?:[^>]*\s+)?href\s*=\s*('|")\${forumTopicUrl}\${slug}\/\${id}\1(?:\s+[^>]*)?>.*<\/a>/s
```

Author: @gikf I refined the regex as mentioned allowing optional spaces in the new PR
